
1.THE PAPER PALACE:

'A deeply emotional love story that follows one day in the life of Elle Bishop as she navigates the unravelling of secrets, lies and a very complex love triangle' REESE WITHERSPOON

'Glorious and gorgeous. I was absolutely immersed and gripped and I'm devastated to have finished it' MARIAN KEYES

2.WE WERE NEVER HERE :

 TWO BEST FRIENDS. ONE DREAM HOLIDAY. THE PERFECT MURDER?

	THE GRIPPING REESE WITHERSPOON BOOK CLUB PICK

	SOON TO BE A MAJOR NETFLIX FILM
	
	'Mind-blowing twists. Completely addictive' STYLIST
	'An incredible thriller' COSMOPOLITAN
	'A nail-biting whirl' ZAKIYA DALILA HARRIS
	_______

	It was meant to be the holiday of a lifetime.

	Until Emily found their hotel suite covered in blood.

	Her friend Kristen claims a backpacker attacked her . . . she had no option but to kill him.

	And with no evidence of the assault, Emily must help her hide the body.

	But back home, as the walls close in around the events of that night, Emily is forced to ask herself:

	Can her closest friend be trusted? . . .

3.APPLES NEVER FALL:
	THE DELICIOUSLY DARK SUNDAY TIMES BESTSELLER FROM THE AUTHOR OF NINE PERFECT STRANGERS AND HBO'S BIG LITTLE LIES

	'Perfect holiday reading' GUARDIAN
	'Smart, sharp and utterly riveting' DAILY MAIL
	'Stunning' SUNDAY TIMES
	'A tour de force' GRAZIA
	'A masterclass' SUN

	**SOON TO BE A MAJOR TV SERIES**

4.A Slow Fire Burning :
	'Here are characters who are real and likeable, even when they are complicated and flawed. Paula Hawkins is a genius'
	Lisa Jewell

	IT'S THE QUIET ONES YOU HAVE TO WATCH
	
	Three women, connected by one brutal crime.
	Three women, determined to right the wrongs done to them.
	Three women, with everything to hide.

	When it comes to revenge, even good people are capable of terrible things.

	But only one person killed Daniel Sutherland.

	How long can their secrets smoulder, before they explode into flame?

	The new SCORCHING bestseller from #1 author of THE GIRL ON THE TRAIN and INTO THE WATER
	__________

	'This twisted story with its cast of damaged characters builds to a brilliant conclusion.'
	Shari Lapena

	'From the first sentence to the last, this explosive, startling novel grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go. Fiendishly clever'
	Kate Mosse

	'Shocking, moving, full of heart'
	Observer

	'Twists and turns like a great thriller should, but it's also deep, intelligent and intensely human'
	Lee Child

	'Gripping and intriguing, I loved every moment'
	S J Watson

	'Superbly told... utterly compelling'
	Daily Mail

	'Paula Hawkins' best novel yet'
	Harriet Tyce

5.Not a Happy Family:
	The chilling Sunday Times bestseller perfect for fans of Knives Out. A Richard & Judy Book Club pick.

	'In this fast-paced, twisted family saga, Shari Lapena keeps you guessing until the very last page...' PAULA HAWKINS

	The new unputdownable thriller from the multi-million-copy bestselling author of THE COUPLE NEXT DOOR.

	In this family, everyone is keeping secrets - even the dead.

6.Blind Spot :
	'How can you say things like this? How can you be so blind?'

	Since they were kids, Edie, Jake and Ryan have been the closest of friends. It's been the three of them against the world. Edie thought the bonds between them were unbreakable. So when Jake is brutally murdered and Ryan accused of the crime, her world is shattered.

7.The Golden Couple:
	From Greer Hendricks and Sarah Pekkanen, the authors of the top ten bestseller The Wife Between Us and An Anonymous Girl, comes The Golden Couple – a compelling psychological thriller that will keep you guessing to the very end.

8.Jujutsu Kaisen, Vol. 1: Ryomen Sukuna:
	Although Yuji Itadori looks like your average teenager, his immense physical strength is something to behold! Every sports club wants him to join, but Itadori would rather hang out with the school outcasts in the Occult Research Club. One day, the club manages to get their hands on a sealed cursed object. Little do they know the terror they’ll unleash when they break the seal…	

9.Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Ston:e
	Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake surrounding a large letter 'H'.

	Harry Potter has never even heard of Hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the doormat at number four, 	Privet Drive. Addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. Then, on Harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called Rubeus Hagrid bursts in with some astonishing news: Harry Potter is a wizard, and he has a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. An incredible adventure is about to begin!


	Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers.

10.Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets:
	'There is a plot, Harry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year.'

11.Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban:
	'Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your wand hand, step on board and we can take you anywhere you want to go.'

	When the Knight Bus crashes through the darkness and screeches to a halt in front of him, it's the start of another far from ordinary year at Hogwarts for Harry Potter. Sirius Black, escaped mass-murderer and follower of Lord Voldemort, is on the run - and they say he is coming after Harry. In his first ever Divination class, Professor Trelawney sees an omen of death in Harry's tea leaves... But perhaps most terrifying of all are the Dementors patrolling the school grounds, with their soul-sucking kiss...


	Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers.

12.Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire :
	'There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways ... their magical prowess - their daring - their powers of deduction - and, of course, their ability to cope with danger.'

13.Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix:
	'You are sharing the Dark Lord's thoughts and emotions. The Headmaster thinks it inadvisable for this to continue. He wishes me to teach you how to close your mind to the Dark Lord.'

	Dark times have come to Hogwarts. After the Dementors' attack on his cousin Dudley, Harry Potter knows that Voldemort will stop at nothing to find him. There are many who deny the Dark Lord's return, but Harry is not alone: a secret order gathers at Grimmauld Place to fight against the Dark forces. Harry must allow Professor Snape to teach him how to protect himself from Voldemort's savage assaults on his mind. But they are growing stronger by the day and Harry is running out of time...

	Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers.

14.Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince:
	There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building... wherever they had murdered...

	When Dumbledore arrives at Privet Drive one summer night to collect Harry Potter, his wand hand is blackened and shrivelled, but he does not reveal why. Secrets and suspicion are spreading through the wizarding world, and Hogwarts itself is not safe. Harry is convinced that Malfoy bears the Dark Mark: there is a Death Eater amongst them. Harry will need powerful magic and true friends as he explores Voldemort's darkest secrets, and Dumbledore prepares him to face his destiny...

	Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers.

15.Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows:
	'Give me Harry Potter,' said Voldemort's voice, 'and none shall be harmed. Give me Harry Potter, and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter, and you will be rewarded.'

	As he climbs into the sidecar of Hagrid's motorbike and takes to the skies, leaving Privet Drive for the last time, Harry Potter knows that Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters are not far behind. The protective charm that has kept Harry safe until now is broken, but he cannot keep hiding. The Dark Lord is breathing fear into everything Harry loves and to stop him Harry will have to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes. The final battle must begin - Harry must stand and face his enemy...

	Having become classics of our time, the Harry Potter eBooks never fail to bring comfort and escapism. With their message of hope, belonging and the enduring power of truth and love, the story of the Boy Who Lived continues to delight generations of new readers

16.Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two: The Official Playscript of the Original West End Production:
	The official playscript of the original West End production of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.

	It's been nineteen years since Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger saved the wizarding world, and now they're back on a most extraordinary adventure, joined by a brave new generation that's only just arrived at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. While Harry grapples with a past that refuses to stay where it belongs, his youngest son, Albus, struggles with the weight of a family legacy he never wanted. As past and present collide, both father and son are locked in a race through time as they battle mysterious forces, all while the future hangs in the balance.

	Based on an original story by J.K. Rowling, John Tiffany, and Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is the complete and unabridged playscript of the award-winning West End production. This edition includes the final dialogue and stage directions of the original, two-part play, a conversation piece between director John Tiffany and playwright Jack Thorne, the Potter family tree, and a timeline of key events in the wizarding world leading up to Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.					

17.Chainsaw Man, Vol. 1: Dog And Chainsaw
	Denji’s a poor young man who’ll do anything for money, even hunting down devils with his pet devil Pochita. He’s a simple man with simple dreams, drowning under a mountain of debt. But his sad life gets turned upside down one day when he’s betrayed by someone he trusts. Now with the power of a devil inside him, Denji’s become a whole new man—Chainsaw Man

18.Attack on Titan Vol. 1
	In this post-apocalytpic sci-fi story, humanity has been devastated by the bizarre, giant humanoids known as the Titans. Little is known about where they came from or why they are bent on consuming mankind. Seemingly unintelligent, they have roamed the world for years, killing everyone they see. For the past century, what's left of man has hidden in a giant, three-walled city. People believe their 100-meter-high walls will protect them from the Titans, but the sudden appearance of an immense Titan is about to change everything. Winner of the 2011 Kodansha Manga Award (Shonen) and nominated for the prestigious Osamu Tezuka Cultural Prize for 2012.

19.Attack on Titan Vol. 2
	BIRTH OF A MONSTER ? The Colossal Titan has breached humanity's first line of defense, Wall Maria. Mikasa, the 104th Training Corps' ace and Eren's best friend, may be the only one capable of defeating them, but beneath her calm exterior lurks a dark past. When all looks lost, a new Titan appears and begins to slaughter its fellow Titans. Could this new monster be a blessing in disguise, or is the truth something much more sinister? This volume of Attack on Titan includes special extras after the story!

20.	Attack on Titan Vol. 3
	TRAITOR ? The last thing Eren remembers before blacking out, a Titan had bitten off his arm and leg and was getting ready to eat him alive. Much to his surprise he wakes up without a scratch on him, with a crowd of angry soldiers screaming for his blood. What strange new power has he awakened, and what will happen when the boy devoted to destroying the Titans becomes one himself? Includes special extras after the story!

21.Attack on Titan Vol. 4
	HUMANITY PUSHES BACK! ? The Survey Corps develop a risky gambit - have Eren in Titan form attempt to repair Wall Rose, reclaiming human territory from the monsters for the first time in a century. But Titan-Eren's self-control is far from perfect, and when he goes on a rampage, not even Armin can stop him! With the survival of humanity on his massive shoulders, will Eren be able to return to his senses, or will he lose himself forever?	